Reference Number: No. 5-7/13
Document Date: 1930-12-14
Sender: H. Gauthier, p.r. Director General
Recipient: Monsieur E. Baraize, Directeur de Travaux, Service des Antiquités, Luxor
Excavation Site: Tomb of Tutankhamun
Entities Mentioned: E. Baraize, H. Gauthier, Service des Antiquités, Tutankhamun
Thematic Tags: Antiquities Transport, Tutankhamun, Funding Approval, Logistics
Brief Summary: The Director General's office approves the construction of a vehicle for transporting antiquities from Tutankhamun's tomb, to be funded from the Tutankhamun credit.
English Translation: Egyptian Antiquities Service
Subject:
Open credits for temple maintenance and repair works

(FORM No. 1529, F.C.)

ANTIQUITIES SERVICE.

GENERAL DIRECTORATE.

No. 5-7/13.

Attachments :-

Cairo, December 14, 1930.

[Handwritten Arabic: Authorization for the transport of ordinary antiquities Tutankhamun Museum work order]

Sir, Director of Works,

In response to your letter of the 11th of December current, regarding the construction of a vehicle intended for the transport of antiquities from the tomb of Tutankhamun, I have the honor to inform you that we approve the execution of this work on the Tutankhamun credit.

Please accept, Sir, Director of Works, the assurance of my distinguished consideration.

For the Director General.
[Signature: H. Gauthier]

Mr. E. Baraize,
Director of Works
at the Antiquities Service,
[Pencil note: illegible smudge/crossed out word]
LUXOR. H.E.
Stamps and Annotations: مصلحة الآثار المصرية (Egyptian Antiquities Service), FORM No. 1529, F.C., Handwritten Arabic: تصريح عن نقل اثار عادية توت عنخ آمون متحف عملا الاوردار (Authorization for the transport of ordinary antiquities Tutankhamun Museum work order), Pencil note: illegible smudge/crossed out word, H.E.
Confidence Notes: The handwritten Arabic note is translated to the best of my ability, but its exact context (e.g., an internal routing note) is inferred. An illegible pencil note is present on the recipient's address.

Full Transcription:
------------------------------------------------------------
مصلحة الآثار المصرية
الموضوع
الاعتمادات المفتوحة لأعمال صيانة واصلاح المعابد

(FORM No. 1529, F.C.)

SERVICE DES ANTIQUITÉS.

DIRECTION GÉNÉRALE.

No. 5-7/13.

Pièces jointes :-

Le Caire, le 14 Décembre, 1930.

[Handwritten Arabic: تصريح عن نقل اثار عادية
توت عنخ آمون متحف عملا الاوردار]

Monsieur le Directeur de Travaux,

En réponse à votre lettre du II Décembre
courant, au sujet de la construction d'un véhicule destiné
au transport d'antiquités provenant de la tombe de Tout-
Ankh-Amon, j'ai l'honneur de vous faire savoir que nous
approuvons l'exécution de ce travail sur le crédit de
Tout-Ankh-Amon.

Veuillez agréer, Monsieur le Directeur de
Travaux, l'assurance de ma considération distinguée.

p.r. LE DIRECTEUR GENERAL.
[Signature: H. Gauthier]

Monsieur E. Baraize,
Directeur de Travaux
au Service des Antiquités,
[Pencil note: illegible smudge/crossed out word]
LOUXOR. H.E.
----------