Reference Number: Administrative Order 62
Document Date: 1930-03-13
Sender: The Director General of the Antiquities Service
Recipient: Mr. E. Baraize, Directeur de Travaux, Sphinx and Pyramids site
Excavation Site: Sphinx and Pyramids (Giza), Monastery of St. Simeon
Entities Mentioned: E. Baraize, Service des Antiquités, Monastery of St. Simeon
Thematic Tags: Budget Allocation, Excavation Funding, Site Maintenance, Administrative Order
Brief Summary: This service order cancels a L.E.300 credit previously allocated for works at the Monastery of St. Simeon, as the work cannot be undertaken this season. Instead, a new credit of L.E.250 is granted to Mr. E. Baraize for his work at the Sphinx and Pyramids site, with approximately half designated for Sphinx-related works and the remainder for mastaba repairs.
English Translation: SERVICE ORDER.
--------------------
The credit of L.E.300 which had been opened for the works at the Monastery of St. Simeon is cancelled, as the work cannot be carried out this season.

On the other hand, a credit of L.E.250 is granted to Mr. E. Baraize, for his work site at the Sphinx and the Pyramids. Approximately half of this sum will be dedicated to the works at the Sphinx and the other half to the repair of the Mastabas.

Cairo, March 13, 1930.
THE DIRECTOR GENERAL OF THE ANTIQUITIES SERVICE.

[Handwritten Arabic: Signature -19- Al-Dam]
[Handwritten Arabic: Administrative Order 62]
[Handwritten Arabic: As it was not feasible to carry out the necessary works for the Director of Anba Samaan (St. Simeon) this season, the allocated credit of 300 pounds is cancelled.]
[Handwritten Arabic: Furthermore, a credit of 250 pounds is granted to Monsieur Emile Baraize for the necessary works in his work area at the Sphinx and the Pyramids. Approximately half of this amount is allocated for the works of the Sphinx and the remainder for the repair of the Mastabas.]
[Handwritten Arabic: Issued on March 13, 1930.]
[Handwritten Arabic: The Director General of the Egyptian Antiquities Service. Signature.]
[Handwritten Arabic: Copy sent to the Director General's accounts.]
[Pencil note: 6]
[Handwritten Arabic: 970]
[Handwritten Arabic: 2/14]
[Stamp: Egyptian Antiquities Service - Administration]
Stamps and Annotations: Handwritten Arabic: توقيع -19- الدم (Signature -19- Al-Dam), Handwritten Arabic: امر اداري ٦٢ (Administrative Order 62), Handwritten Arabic: لما كان غير ميسور القيام بالاعمال اللازمة لمدير الانبا سمعان في هذا الفصل فيلغى الاعتماد المخصص لذلك وقدره ٣٠٠ جنيه (As it was not feasible to carry out the necessary works for the Director of Anba Samaan (St. Simeon) this season, the allocated credit of 300 pounds is cancelled.), Handwritten Arabic: هذا ويمنح اعتماد قدره ٢٥٠ جنيهاً للمسيو اميل باريز للاعمال اللازمة في منطقة عمله باس الهول والاهرام . ويخصص نصف هذا المبلغ على وجه التقريب لاعمال ابي الهول والباقي لاصلاح المصاطب (Furthermore, a credit of 250 pounds is granted to Monsieur Emile Baraize for the necessary works in his work area at the Sphinx and the Pyramids. Approximately half of this amount is allocated for the works of the Sphinx and the remainder for the repair of the Mastabas.), Handwritten Arabic: تحريرا في ١٣ مارس، سنة ١٩٣٠. (Issued on March 13, 1930.), Handwritten Arabic: المدير العام لمصلحة الآثار المصرية توقيع (The Director General of the Egyptian Antiquities Service. Signature.), Handwritten Arabic: صورة رسلت الى حسابات المدير العام (Copy sent to the Director General's accounts.), Pencil note: ٦ (6), Handwritten Arabic: ٩٧٠ (970), Handwritten Arabic: ٢/١٤ (2/14), Stamp: مصلحة الآثار المصرية - إدارة (Egyptian Antiquities Service - Administration)
Confidence Notes: The Arabic annotation 'توقيع -19- الدم' translates to 'Signature -19- Al-Dam'. The '-19- الدم' part is somewhat ambiguous; 'الدم' can mean 'blood' or 'red', possibly a note related to the signature or a partial, unclear signature element.

Full Transcription:
------------------------------------------------------------
ORDRE DE SERVICE.
--------------------

Le Crédit de L.E.300 qui avait été ouvert pour les
travaux du Couvent de St.Siméon est supprimé,le travail ne
pouvant être fait cette saison.

Par contre,un crédit de L.E.250 est accordé à Mr.E.
Baraize,pour son chantier du Sphinx et des Pyramides.La moitié
environ de cette somme sera consacrée aux travaux du Sphinx et
l'autre à la réparation des Mastabas.

Le Caire,le 13 Mars,1930.
                                        LE DIRECTEUR GENERAL DU
                                        SERVICE DES ANTIQUITES.
                                        [Handwritten Arabic: توقيع -19- الدم]

[Handwritten Arabic: امر اداري ٦٢]

[Handwritten Arabic: لما كان غير ميسور القيام بالاعمال اللازمة لمدير الانبا سمعان في هذا الفصل
فيلغى الاعتماد المخصص لذلك وقدره ٣٠٠ جنيه]

[Handwritten Arabic: هذا ويمنح اعتماد قدره ٢٥٠ جنيهاً للمسيو اميل باريز للاعمال اللازمة في
منطقة عمله باس الهول والاهرام . ويخصص نصف هذا المبلغ على وجه التقريب
لاعمال ابي الهول والباقي لاصلاح المصاطب]

[Handwritten Arabic: تحريرا في ١٣ مارس، سنة ١٩٣٠.]

[Handwritten Arabic: المدير العام
لمصلحة الآثار المصرية
توقيع]

[Handwritten Arabic: صورة رسلت الى حسابات المدير العام]
[Pencil note: ٦]

[Handwritten Arabic: ٩٧٠]
[Handwritten Arabic: ٢/١٤]
[Stamp: مصلحة الآثار المصرية - إدارة]