Sender: T. Baraze
Recipient: Monsieur E. Baraize (Directeur de Travaux)
Excavation Site: Denderah
Entities Mentioned: The Service, Dir., Chief Saffir, Inspector, T. Baraze, E. Baraize
Thematic Tags: Sebakh removal, Financial misconduct, Internal investigation, Denderah
Brief Summary: T. Baraze writes to E. Baraize concerning an investigation into irregular sebakh removal at Denderah, reporting that the Chief Saffir confessed to giving unregistered sebakh money to the Inspector, and urges Baraize to privately discuss these facts with the Saffir.
English Translation: Attached documents.

Dear Mr. Baraize,
I would like to write to you in French; but I am afraid that I make many mistakes.

When I came back here yesterday, I heard from The Service that the Director has charged you to verify the question of the irregular way which was used in removing Sebakh at Denderah. Please request my report on the case, if it is not sent to you, and compare it with the facts. I am sure that you would never find anything wrong in it.
Yesterday, on my way back, the Chief Saffir confessed to me that he gave the Inspector some Sebakh money which never had been registered to Service and that the Inspector said to him that such money were saved for the Service.
Please talk to the Chief Saffir privately of the fact; and of what he said to me yesterday. And please do not forget to ask him of what I said to the Inspector in his presence, while we were together at Denderah.

All what I want is to assure to Service, that I am saying the truth.
Your Very Sincere
T. Baraze

[Marginalia, right side, faint:] othin ocks is o his the d on er l
Stamps and Annotations: Pièces jointes., Marginalia, right side, faint: othin ocks is o his the d on er l
Confidence Notes: The marginalia on the right side is largely illegible. The sender's full name and title are not provided, only 'T. Baraze'.

Full Transcription:
------------------------------------------------------------
Pièces jointes.

Cher Mon. Baraze
I would like to write to you in
french; but I am. afraid that I make many
mistakes.

When I came back here yesterday, I
heard from The Service that the Dir. has
charged you to verify the question of The
irregular way which was used in removing
Sebakh at Denderah. Please request my report
on the case, if it is not sent to you, & compare
it with the facts. I am sure that you would
never find any thing wrong in it.
Yesterday, on my way back, the Chief Saffir
confessed to me that he gave the Inspector some
Sebakh money which never had been registered to
Service & that the Inspector said to him that
such money were saved for the Service.
Please Talk to the Chief Saffir privately
of the fact; & of what he said to me yesterday.
& please do not forget to ask him of what I
said to the Inspector in his presence, while we
were together at Denderah.

All what I want is to assure to
Service, that I am saying the truth.
Your Very Sincere
T. Baraze

[Marginalia, right side, faint:]
othin
ocks
is o
his
the
d
on
er
l