Reference Number: R. 404
Document Date: 1922-03-24
Sender: Cecil M. Firth
Recipient: Monsieur E. Baraize, Directeur de Travaux
Excavation Site: Sakkara, Bedrashein
Entities Mentioned: Cecil M. Firth, Chapel of Ptah hotep, Jaggard, E. Baraize
Thematic Tags: Chapel Lighting, Mastaba Conservation, Excavation Planning, Site Management
Brief Summary: Cecil M. Firth, in a letter addressed to the Director General, suggests improving the lighting in the chapel of Ptah hotep at Sakkara by clearing existing apertures, noting that full mastaba clearance would be too costly. This letter is part of a larger file intended for Monsieur E. Baraize, concerning various works, and includes an annotation criticizing Baraize's inaction in examining proposed projects by Jaggard.
English Translation: 5. 3/4

Regarding attached,
M.C. Firth,
month, known

EGYPTIAN ANTIQUITIES SERVICE.

(MODEL N° 39 – [Form number 39])

Sakkara.
Bedrashein.
March 24th 1922.
R. 404.

[Stamp: REGISTERED]
[Stamp: ON 27.3.22 2503]

Director General.
Among the various pieces of work to be undertaken at Sakkara, I forgot to mention yesterday the matter of improving the lighting in the chapel of Ptah hotep. It will not be possible to clear the mastaba without incurring a very large outlay in building up the outer walls. For a small expenditure the apertures leading to the corridors could be cleared and a large amount of daylight admitted without increasing the size of the windows (which are ancient)

Yours faithfully
Cecil M. Firth

[Pencil note: quality of Chapel
not available
sums of money
long or obscured
) proceed to the
to light. There
is to open for
raised 5 centimetres
or sand accumulation
then preferable.
re Firth]

[Handwritten note: Attach to the letter containing the work to be done by Jaggard.
Attached this letter with its annexes.
I had replied through M. Barajy, to examine all the work to be done and give his opinion. M. Barajy did nothing.
upon his return
Plan
28.1.22.]
Stamps and Annotations: ENREGISTRÉ stamp, LE 27.3.22 2503 stamp, Handwritten Arabic note (أورنيك نمرة ٣٩), Handwritten pencil note (partially illegible), Handwritten French/Arabic note regarding Jaggard and M. Barajy
Confidence Notes: Portions of the pencil note are illegible.

Full Transcription:
------------------------------------------------------------
5. 3/4

re ci-joint,
M.C. Firth,
mois, conne

SERVICE DES ANTIQUITÉS.
D'EGYPTE.

(MODÈLE N° 39 – [Handwritten Arabic: أورنيك نمرة ٣٩])

Sakkara.
Bedrashein.
March 24th 1922.
R. 404.

[Stamp: ENREGISTRÉ]
[Stamp: LE 27.3.22 2503]

Director General.
Among the various pieces of work to be undertaken
at Sakkara, I forgot to mention yesterday the matter
of improving the lighting in the chapel of Ptah hotep.
It will not be possible to clear the mastaba without incurring
a very large outlay in building up the outer walls. For
a small expenditure the apertures leading to the
corridors could be cleared and a large amount of daylight
admitted without increasing the size of the windows (which
are ancient)

Yours faithfully
Cecil M. Firth

[Pencil note: quity of Chapel
et available
sums of long
or obscured
) proceed to the
to light. There
is to open for
raised 5 centimetres
or sand accumulation
hen preferable.
re Firth]

[Handwritten Arabic: Joindre à l'letter contenant les
travaux à faire par Jaggard.
ci-joint cette
lettre avec ses annexes
J'avais répondu par M. Barajy, examiner tous les travaux à
faire et donner son avis. M. Barajy n'a rien fait.
à son retour
Plan
28.1.22.]