Reference Number: N° 25-4/17
Document Date: 1928-06-14
Sender: P. Lacau, Director General of the Antiquities Service
Recipient: Monsieur E. Baraize, Director of Works, Antiquities Service, Cairo
Entities Mentioned: P. Lacau, E. Baraize, Service des Antiquités
Thematic Tags: Budget Allocation, Financial Management, Excavation Funding, Administrative Correspondence
Brief Summary: This letter from the Director General informs the Director of Works about the allocated credits for the 1928-29 financial year, emphasizing that these funds cover material, transport, and direct site expenses, and strictly warns against any budget overruns.
English Translation: GENERAL

(FORM No. 1533, F.C.)

ANTIQUITIES SERVICE.
Cairo, June 14, 1928.
GENERAL DIRECTORATE.

No. 25-4/17 Subject:

Attached documents 1

Mr. Director of Works,

Following our letter of May 21st last, I have the honor to communicate to you herewith a statement indicating the credits that have been granted to you for your works for the entire financial year 1928-29. It should be noted that the credits made available to you for your various work sites include the cost of material and its transport fees, as well as expenses incurred directly by you on the site.

I ask you to ensure very rigorously that there is no exceeding of these credits.

Please accept, Mr. Director of Works, the assurance of my distinguished consideration.

THE DIRECTOR GENERAL,

P. Lacau

Mr E. Baraize,
Director of Works,
Antiquities Service,
Cairo
Stamps and Annotations: GÉNÉR, (FORM No. 1533, F.C.), DIRECTION GÉNÉRALE., Handwritten: 8 (for the year 1928), Handwritten signature: P. Lacau

Full Transcription:
------------------------------------------------------------
GÉNÉR

(FORM No. 1533, F.C.)

SERVICE DES ANTIQUITÉS.
Le Caire, le 14 Juin 192[Handwritten: 8].
DIRECTION GÉNÉRALE.

No. 25-4/17 Objet:

Pièces jointes 1

Monsieur le Directeur de Travaux,

Faisant suite à notre lettre du 21 Mai
dernier, j'ai l'honneur de vous communiquer ci-
joint un état indiquant les crédits qui vous ont
été accordés pour vos travaux pour tout l'exercice
financier 1928-29. Il est à noter que les crédits
mis à votre disposition pour vos divers chantiers
comprennent le prix du matériel et les frais de
leur transport, ainsi que les dépenses faites
directement par vous sur le chantier.

Je vous prie de veiller très rigoureusement
à ce qu'il n'y ait aucune dépassement de ces
crédits.

Veuillez agréer, Monsieur le Directeur de
Travaux, l'assurance de ma considération dis-
tinguée.

LE DIRECTEUR GENERAL,

[Handwritten signature: P. Lacau]

Mr E.Baraize,
eur de Travaux,
vice des Antiquités,
Le Caire