Reference Number: N° 5-2/8
Document Date: 1928-12-24
Sender: P. Lacau, Directeur Général (Director General)
Recipient: Monsieur E. Baraize, Directeur des Travaux du Service des Antiquités, Abydos, BALIANA (Director of Works of the Antiquities Service, Abydos, BALIANA)
Excavation Site: Abydos
Entities Mentioned: P. Lacau, E. Baraize, Service des Antiquités
Thematic Tags: Column repair, Hypostyle Hall, Abydos, Budget approval
Brief Summary: The Director General approves the proposed method and budget of L.E. 80 for the repair of a column in the Hypostyle Hall at Abydos and requests the work to commence immediately, stating he will visit Abydos soon.
English Translation: (FORM No. 1533, F.C.)

ANTIQUITIES SERVICE.
                                                                Cairo, December 24, 1928.

GENERAL DIRECTION.
                                                                [Handwritten Arabic: Pillars, [unclear term], repair, column, director of air/wind]
N° 5-2/8. [Handwritten Arabic: Submitted]
Attached documents
                                                                Monsieur the Director of Works.

                                                                In response to your letter N°156 of the 21st of this current December, I have the honor to inform you that I approve the method you recommend for the repair of the column in the Hypostyle Hall, and I approve the expenditure which you estimate should amount to L.E. 80.

                                                                I ask you to please begin the work immediately. I myself will soon pass through Abydos.

                                                                Please accept, Monsieur the Director of Works, the assurance of my distinguished consideration.

                                                                                THE DIRECTOR GENERAL.

                                                                                [Handwritten signature: Placa]

Monsieur E. Baraize,
Director of Works
of the Antiquities Service,
Abydos, BALIANA.
Stamps and Annotations: FORM No. 1533, F.C., Handwritten date '24' for December 24, 1928, Handwritten Arabic annotation: 'اعماد فليش اصلاح عامود عميد الهوا' (Pillars, [unclear term], repair, column, director of air/wind), Handwritten Arabic annotation: 'المرفوع' (Submitted/Filed), Handwritten signature: 'Placa' (P. Lacau)
Confidence Notes: The handwritten Arabic annotation 'اعماد فليش اصلاح عامود عميد الهوا' is difficult to translate precisely due to the ambiguity of 'فليش' and the overall context, but it clearly relates to column repair. The rest of the document is clear.

Full Transcription:
------------------------------------------------------------
(FORM No. 1533, F.C.)

SERVICE DES ANTIQUITÉS.
                                                                Le Caire, [Handwritten: 24] Décembre, 1928.

DIRECTION GÉNÉRALE.
                                                                [Handwritten Arabic: اعماد فليش اصلاح عامود عميد الهوا]
N° 5-2/8. [Handwritten Arabic: المرفوع]                       Objet :
Pièces jointes
                                                                Monsieur le Directeur des Travaux.

                                                                En réponse à votre lettre N°156 du 21 Dé-
                                                                cembre courant, j'ai l'honneur de vous informer que
                                                                j'approuve le procédé que vous préconisez pour la
                                                                réparation de la colonne de la Salle Hypostyle, et
                                                                j'approuve la dépense que vous estimez devoir s'élever
                                                                à L.E.80.

                                                                Je vous prie de vouloir bien commencer
                                                                le travail de suite. Je passerai moi-même bientôt à
                                                                Abydos.

                                                                Veuillez agréer, Monsieur le Directeur
                                                                des Travaux, l'assurance de ma considération distinguée.

                                                                                LE DIRECTEUR GENERAL.

                                                                                [Handwritten signature: Placa]

Monsieur E.Baraize,
Directeur des Travaux
du Service des Antiquités,
Abydos, BALIANA.